there this is our sign we're at Monday
Night Raw
that's how we made it
and then put on your mask
hold up your sign
if you see turn around again turn around
real slow
at night this is stretch yeah you can
see through it
yeah was it native well its metal to
metal mesh this is high quality stuff is
elastic as metal mesh no longer cost 60
bucks
this is awesome mess and this is a sign
we made using glitter paint
signe rely
like your mask is it comfortable
was it worth 60 bucks yes of course it
was because you didn't pay for it
Society and paper
I'll see the back
well that's pretty good stuff I'm
actually a quality is really good
I bet nothing